operations/nodes: add a warning to removing (#38)
omnivector-solutions/osd-documentation: operations/nodes.rst

   $ juju remove-unit slurmd/4

.. warning::

   This is a destructive operation. If the node is running a job, this job will
   be killed and SLURM will not requeue it. It is the system administrator's
   responsibility to ensure that the node can be safely removed.

It is recommended to first *drain* nodes before removing them from the cluster

> (see :ref:`draining-nodes`), as to not destroy running jobs.

Reviewer: `as to not destroy running jobs.` to `for not destroying running jobs.`. what do you think?

> It is recommended to first *drain* nodes before removing them from the cluster
> (see :ref:`draining-nodes`), as to not destroy running jobs.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
We recommend placing nodes in the *drain* state before removing them from the cluster
(see :ref:`draining-nodes`). Placing a node in the *drain* state will prevent
if from being allocated to incoming jobs and provides a method for a safe removal. 
```

Reviewer 2: ?
